## Civ3 Show-And-Tell

This is an attempt at an accessory map viewer for Civilization III Conquests save game files.

Run `civ3tojson.py` and pass it a filename of an uncompressed save (use an autosave or decompress with dynamite) or pipe it an uncompressed save file (autosave or blast) and it will output html/civmap.json viewable as a map with html/d3.html.

Status: Currently changing from generating the SVG from Python to generating JSON output and constructing the map with d3.js in-browser. [Tag 0.1](https://github.com/myjimnelson/c3sat/tree/0.1) was the most public-ready version of the svg-out code.

I am licensing my "artwork" which includes SVG representations of mountains, hills and trees under a [Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International License](http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/). Don't try too hard; in your attribution you can link back to my GitHub repo, my GitHub user page or my CivFantatics Forums user page or a thread started by me; whatever is easy. Or heck just use my name. I'm just licensing it to assure you you can use it.

Some code from other authors is currently included in this repo. See [the horspool.py readme](horspool/readme.md) for license and attribution for that code and [timmywil's jquery.panzoom](https://github.com/timmywil/jquery.panzoom) for html/jquery.panzoom.min.js info.

## History

This is something I started hacking on [in April 2013], and it's to the
point I want to refactor it and organize it better. It is also nearing
the point it might be of interest to someone else, so I put it
on Github.

This started as a collection of vague ideas, and I started posting in a
forum about it here: http://forums.civfanatics.com/showthread.php?t=493582

The idea and ultimate goal is for web browsers to be able to view
non-game-spoiling information from the Civilization III Conquests game
(such as might be seen in a screenshot) given a save game file (such
as might be posted to a forum for advice or succession game handoff)
without needing to open the game save in the game.

The short-term goal is to parse the save game file, extract interesting
information and display it in HTML/SVG format. The base and overlay
terrain is represented by SVG shapes or temporary text.

civ3parse.py is the most current and successful file I've been working
on. Its purpose is to read in the game data and output it in JSON format.
It currently uses horspool.py to find the first instance of WRLD in the
save game file and then proceed to read the map size and map tiles.

My original plan was to use JSON as an intermidate data format between the
save game file and the map display. At first it was easier to generate
the SVG from Python, but now that I'm learning d3.js I am returning to
the original idea.

## To Do (short term)
- Implement debug and spoiler triggers to turn debug prints and game-spoiler info on/off - Successfully omitting undiscovered tiles from the map. Currently do not have the data to understand which bonus/luxury/strategic resource locations are spoiler, so currently only identifying those which appear at the beginning of a default epic game.
- Include links to any reference info I've found on save file format
- Get it to read any C3C save - Mostly done. It's seeking and matching the 4-character labels in the file which apparently mark the start of C++ classes. But it doesn't natively decompress, and it doesn't understand the whole file.
- Figure a way to auto-decompress saves - Currently using blast program compiled from zlib contrib to manually decompress save files to stdout. Previously was using ubuntu package dynamite to decompress the file.

## Medium-term goals

## Long-term goals
- Python app server that will pull a save game file by URL, parse it and provide non-game-spoiling map and info as SVG to modern web browser. - Sort of done, but not real cohesive.
- Possibly allow map annotation (city-planning "dot maps", etc.) via JSON files generated by HTML page and posted to e.g. forums (Think this idea is a non-starter, but I'll leave it here for now...maybe use url queries to place user data?)
