Civ3 Show-And-Tell

TL;DR: This is an accessory map viewer for Civilization III Conquests save game files.

Status: It makes SVG-based maps from uncompressed save game files and displays them in an HTML page with pan and zoom features provided by jQuery and [timmywil's jquery.panzoom](https://github.com/timmywil/jquery.panzoom) (currently included in my repo, also MIT-licensed) and formatting by [Bootstrap](https://github.com/twbs/bootstrap) obtained via CDN links.

2014-05-23: I have changed the licensing for my code files to the MIT license. I am licensing my "artwork" which includes SVG representations of mountains, hills and trees under a [Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International License](http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/). Don't try too hard; in your attribution you can link back to my GitHub repo, my GitHub user page or my CivFantatics Forums user page or a thread started by me; whatever is easy. Or heck just use my name. I'm just licensing it to assure you you can use it.

Some code from other authors is currently included in this repo. See [the horspool.py readme](horspool/readme.md) for license and attribution for that code and [timmywil's jquery.panzoom](https://github.com/timmywil/jquery.panzoom) for html/jquery.panzoom.min.js info.

-----

This is something I started hacking on [in April 2013], and it's to the
point I want to refactor it and organize it better. It is also nearing
the point it might be of interest to someone else, so I am putting it
on Github. I will be adding copyright notices and probably release this
under the GPL. At the moment I am trying to ensure I have everything
collected and uploaded and will try to keep it working as such while I
reorganize it.

This started as a collection of vague ideas, and I started posting in a
forum about it here: http://forums.civfanatics.com/showthread.php?t=493582

The idea and ultimate goal is for web browsers to be able to view
non-game-spoiling information from the Civilization III Conquests game
(such as might be seen in a screenshot) given a save game file (such
as might be posted to a forum for advice or succession game handoff)
without needing to open the game save in the game.

The short-term goal is to parse the save game file, extract interesting
information and display it in HTML/SVG format. The base and overlay terrain is represented by SVG shapes or temporary text.

unc-test.sav is a decompressed game save file I am using during
development. When I run into trouble so far I have hard-coded to work
with this particular file, however as of May 2014 I have it parsing arbitrary _uncompressed_ save game files.

civ3parse.py was my second effort at simply reading 4-char section
headers from the save file. It does not assume a data order and kept
getting tripped up by perceived inconsitencies in the game file.

tileonly.py is hard-coded to read data from my test save(s). It has recently been superseded by wrld.py

wrld.py is the most current and successful file I've been working
on. Its purpose is to read in the map tile data and optionally
generate a map in SVG format. I am altering it frequently. It currently uses horspool.py to find the first instance of WRLD in the save game file and then proceed to read the map size and map tiles.

My original plan was to use JSON as an intermidate data format between
the save game file and the map display, but now I will have this proggram
output an SVG map.

To Do (short term):
- ~~Reformat SVG with layers for base terrain and overlay terrain with CSS classes to allow styling.~~ Accomplished this but am now moving away from it. To make CSS markup work I have to avoid styling inside the SVG and then I have to add the SVG to the HTML DOM. This is proving inconvenient and unnecessary.
- Implement debug and spoiler triggers to turn debug prints and game-spoiler info on/off - work has begun on this; I don't think it's complete yet.
- Include links to any reference info I've found on save file format
- Get it to read any C3C save
- Figure a way to auto-decompress saves. blast()? Currently am using dynamite program to manually decompress save files.

Medium-term goals:

Long-term goals:
- Python app server that will pull a save game file by URL, parse it and provide non-game-spoiling map and info as SVG to modern web browser.
- Possibly allow map annotation (city-planning "dot maps", etc.) via JSON files generated by HTML page and posted to e.g. forums (Think this idea is a non-starter, but I'll leave it here for now...maybe use url queries to place user data?)
